Hello, game, from beautiful uptown Burbank, Harmontown is now in session.
I say, why bury the good stuff?
Let's bring out the great stuff, Spencer Crittenden, the Game Master, and the Mayor of Harmontown, and the landlord of your heart, Dan Harmon.
For the home listener, Dan Haslam can only be described as a new look.
I place it's equidistant between Walter Cronkite and Captain Kangaroo, with just a little suggestion of Stacey Keach.
It's for a movie, so you're judging a movie star. See where that'll get you. Throw your mud from aside the red carpet. It won't musse it.
Yeah, it's for a movie. And here's the thing. You know what I need to do? I leave the set of the movie, and as I was walking, I'm going to go a couple blocks from this bar.
I'll go there and I'll have a drink, and then I'll call an Uber or a Lyft, if you want to believe that I am helping, and just haven't given up and don't want to be talked to.
But then, halfway there, I'm like, oh, shit, fuck, god damn it, I look like this.
And then it's just like, I've been grappling for two days, I go like, well, what is it? Because you looked so good before?
And then I was like, oh, okay, no, I never thought I looked good, but what I looked like before was someone who didn't care what he looked like.
This looks like someone was like, what can I do? How am I driving? And that's the deal breaker for me.
And why is that the deal breaker for me? Because, oh, I'm so honest, I'm such an honest person.
And then I'm like, you should have a mustache. The person I am inside looks like this. It's perfect, because this is how much I care. I do want to be cool this much, and I do fail this much.
And I should, this is who I should be, this is how I should get used to it, because this is a big, you know, my zizzic beard, and it's like, oh, so that if somebody can go like, hey, you piece of shit, and I go, what?
I said you're a piece of shit. I don't care. That's not true. That's not true.
I don't think this look says that you care how you look. It says that you care about the fact that at 1pm, President Kennedy is pronounced dead. Dallas, Texas.
You have to put some...
Vice President Johnson is on the plane.
I mean, I just, this is part, I'm just saying, this is a journey I have to go on, because I'll tell you kids, like, a lot of you have tattoos, piercings, and things like that.
I'll confess to you, I don't feel this way anymore. 15 years ago, if somebody had like a pierced lip, or like a tattoo, or something, I would like secretly in my head, I'd be like, I don't trust that person.
Because they'd be like, well, they're so scared that no one's going to notice, or that no one's going to know who they are, or that they don't know who they are, or that they had to take these measures and stuff.
And it's like, I would look down on that, I wouldn't look down on them, but I would be like, that person's not going to get along with me, because the real thing you're supposed to do is do that in front of a typewriter.
And I'd be like, fuck it, there's so many things to hurt about yourself before you put a hole in your lip. You could fucking just dissolve your esophagus with acid that you drink like a quart of a week for 40 years.
That's fucking honest.
So I'm just sorry about that 15 years ago that I was ever like, oh, she has a thing in her nose. I don't trust her. I trust you now.
But do we trust you with this new look, Dan? That's the question. Your sideburns are triumphant, by the way. You look like a little bit like Nigel Bruce, like Holmes.
I mean, that's our Watson from the old, you know, Sherlock Holmes.
I keep making the joke, but it's not a joke. You know when I got out of the makeup chair, I was like, oh, Nick Offerman said no.
They should credit me as that. The movie should say starring Nick Offerman said no.
Well, the same thing. Every time I've ever gotten a job is because Jerry O'Connell passed.
You know, Jack Black used to say that about Philip Seymour Hoffman. But when they were younger, like they would be in the same waiting rooms all the time.
We've talked about that. The Wolfman had nards. Indeed.
But yeah, this is the fate I deserve. So I don't know. Maybe when I finish this movie, maybe I'll...
I was also noticing, like, oh, sideburns. Oh, I was like, what was the deal with sideburns? And I was thinking, oh, the men in control in the 70s, they were more likely to be older and overweight.
And so, and sideburns kind of squeeze your face like bookends. Even though my double chin is exposed, you're like...
I don't say you're... Just don't... Hey, guys, also... Don't correct me on this. It's like a slimming thing for a fat face. You would not...
Fuck you. Just come on. I'm just saying.
Dan, just tell them. You gained weight for the role.
But then the 80s came and then everyone was like, everybody's doing aerobics. And then it became more possible to be...
I've been thinking about this all, like, okay, so, you know how like surfing, all of a sudden in the 60s, everybody was like, whoa, there's beaches everywhere where the water is.
We should get down there and we should have all kinds of fun. It was like, oh, why didn't they...
Those beaches were there in the 40s and it was like, oh, that's where battles were happening.
Nobody wanted to... The previous generation was like, dad, let's go to the beach and he'd be like, yeah, that would be fun.
Maybe we'll find my arm.
You remember how many lives are lost at the Great Battle of Zuma?
But, you know, that's not really it. But then I was thinking, oh, you know what it probably is?
It's like, okay, so, you know, you see like black and white photos of people at the beach and they have like the crazy like Charlie Chaplin swimsuits where it's like, you know,
you have to cover more of your body culturally.
Yeah, the onesie.
And then it was like, everybody's always had a beach ball and they had like a onesie.
And then like the standards for public like undress slackened.
So then I was thinking, oh, that's kind of interesting.
Like, do you think that the outfits got comfortable enough for people to realize how fun it could be at the beach and or the beaches got more popular
because that's where you could see ever increasing states of undress provocative things are happening down there.
These ladies got their boobies in less material.
Let's get down to the beach.
Hey, it's nice down here.
Feminism has always had a strange creepy handshake with the grody dudes like enjoying it.
The bra burning thing.
Hear him out.
Oh, no, I'm not saying please appreciate it for what it's enough.
I'm just pointing it out.
I'm not like, you need to, you need to approve.
We're the wind beneath your wings, ladies.
You're going to miss us when we're gone.
Try getting equal without a dude in a raincoat jerking off to it.
Just try.
You'll find it's quite impossible.
No, that's not what I'm saying.
I'm just saying that culture advances as, like,
but can we check in about the bra burning thing?
Because I was just like, it's safe enough now.
Like, we've gone through enough stuff.
We're all brothers and sisters and you weren't like,
that was kind of a swing and a miss, wasn't it?
Like, wasn't it?
The burning, you found, not you, you're 25, but like,
wasn't that sort of a check to see?
I was like, I think this is, I think these were invented by men
to make our boobs look better.
So I'm going to burn them.
They're like shackles around my femininity.
And then everybody was just like, okay, they're burning them.
And then aren't they back?
And then it was just like, we never talked about it again.
It was just like, oh, can I get three bras?
And Jesus Christ, my tits are killing me.
I don't know what a bra is.
Coming out of the 50s, those bras are those crazy weird,
like Miss Osilo bras that were really like.
You should have burnt the tips of the bras.
Get your activism straight in the 50s.
I don't know.
I just wanted to check in.
I thought all women would go like, you were right.
You were right.
We're sorry.
We never, we didn't want to talk about, we were embarrassed.
We love bras.
They were our idea.
I'm so glad that in the first five minutes of the show,
you fixed feminism.
Retroactively.
It's really good.
I love when I do my self deprecating thing.
And then you're like, well, that's crazy.
I come up like, hey, ladies, look at me.
I'm so thin.
And then you're like, thin as an elephant.
Well, that's not very nice or helping at all.
All I've said is that you look fantastic.
You look like a.
No, I was making, I was using a metaphor for what you just did.
I was breaking it down.
I understand.
You're a little insecure right now because you look terrific.
I was driving towards Elysium Park this morning.
And I saw a lady that was pulled over in a driving lane
that had just finished up urinating in the street
and getting back into her cars and getting her shoes back on
and all that stuff.
It was, I didn't see it actually happening,
but I saw it put together very quickly that that was just had happened.
You, you didn't see her urinating, but you sussed that out?
No, I saw this, this large puddle on the floor that was trickling downhill.
She was putting her shoes back on and kind of straining at her one,
one piece kind of dress situation.
It was all very complicated.
She got back into her car?
Oh, yeah, yeah.
I was like, man, she almost made it, but I saw.
So she was dying for a pee, got out and just took it in the street.
I guess.
Yeah.
She was right by a lawn, but she didn't go into the lawn.
She might have thought like, like this is the first time I've peed as an adult in the city.
Maybe it's disrespectful to do it on the lawn.
That was what she had on the sign she was holding.
Yeah.
Like I'm not sure what I'd do if I was like traffic and I just had to get Schrab told the story,
but he just peed his pants and he was like, it was kind of a triumph for him.
That's like a heroic tale.
Because it's like, what are we doing?
Why are we trying to not pee our pants?
Does our parents told us?
It's silly.
It's dumb.
They just didn't want to change us.
You can pee your pants anytime you want now.
It's not a crime.
It's not like a van driving around like looking for people with pee in their pants.
It's for you dry pants.
It's a favor you do yourself.
You can, if you have to pee that bad, you can opt to have wet pants.
It's a natural, it's an arguably more natural state of pants than dry pants.
Like we go through our day making trips to a strange room to keep our pants dry,
but it's like that because that's an artificial construct.
Dry pants.
It's an illusion.
Like the idea that none of us are peeing right now is a lie.
There's urine inside our body.
Our bodies are 29% urine.
You can look it up.
You should burn your pants and protest.
Does that mean that not jizzing is also a lie?
Yeah.
Everything's a lie.
Talking is a lie.
My brain, the only form of truth would be if you could know what I'm thinking and feeling.
If you were me, the only thing that's true is silence.
And then I violated.
I put on a performance by wobbling the air with my mouth,
and then you get vibrations in your earhole,
and then you associate those vibrations with a trunk in your head.
You open it up.
It's like if I send you a heart emoji with my mouth,
then you have to load the heart emoji on your side.
I'm explaining communication to you, but...
You could theoretically, neuroplasticity dictates that you could decide
that when I hear the word cucumber,
I'm going to respond as if I heard the word dolphin.
If I hear love, I'm going to think hate.
You could just re-root your brain.
You could go to any point, as long as you start being aware of what you're doing,
then you go to these points in your brain,
and then you don't have to do anything,
because what happens is a new, random, natural thing.
The reason there's a road to Rome from a gas station outside Rome
is because there was a spot where Romans were standing,
and then they were like, I'm going to go to Rome,
and they started walking because they were like,
we've got to be over there. Why are we at this gas station?
And also, we should have taken the car. We got all the gas.
They didn't have cars yet.
But they had gas stations. That was better.
That's why Rome fell.
The chariots were just coated in gasoline.
There was no tank, and they would burst into flames.
And all the lead in that gasoline got into the pipes,
and that's how they fucking did it.
You walk where you want to go, and then you leave this little footpath,
and the person follows you, and you know,
a road's start is like footpaths and trails and things.
It's a path of least resistance.
It's like a drop just takes a kind of semi-shortest route to a destination.
So if you go back to a point in your neurology,
by being aware, you don't have to try anything.
You don't have to be like, oh, I'm going to be different.
You can just go, okay, I'm going to be aware of every thought that I have.
And then there's certain thoughts that have this straight fucking paved freeway
to Rome, which you think is the only choice you have
to the point where you don't even realize this is a place you can stop.
So you practice stopping.
See, I did it.
Right now I was about to finish my thought,
but I do that all the time.
No, I don't.
But you can just wait and see what happens.
Someone goes like, hey, peanut butter, and you go, I love peanut butter.
And then, boom, you don't smoke anymore.
You'll figure it out.
It's called neuroplasticity.
I just explained it.
That was the first time I've ever truly understood what neuroplasticity was.
You can remap your whole brain.
Just being aware of the things that happen to you throughout the day,
when you get up in the morning, you can just sit there and go,
okay, so I'm going to move my arm, and then it's like baby steps,
and what about Bob, maybe?
No.
Who cares?
Like, usually when I'm in this position where I'm like,
I feel like nobody understands me, then I freak out,
so I'm going to stop, and then I'm going to take another option.
Mmm.
Oh, God, I should do this all the time.
Oh, that's good.
God, it's making everyone smarter.
Mmm.
There, I fixed myself.
All right.
Our guest tonight, uh...
You're just on the keypad.
Oh, no.
What?
Oh, you...that's...
Huh?
That's a joke.
No, no, it's the truth.
You clearly...
Whatever.
Did I ruin your joke?
No, no.
You're just trying to cover for it now.
Oh, what?
All right, all right.
Hey, wait, so, okay, whose idea was it
to make full-blown a medical term?
Like, how is that...
Isn't that...this is so childish.
Like, someone is like,
oh, we have this serious thing called AIDS.
It's killing people.
It couldn't be more sensitive and terrible.
But we actually need to distinguish a few things
linguistically because we're trying to cure it
and we need to document all these things.
So there should be a difference between this and that.
I was like, well, let's call that one full-blown AIDS?
Like, why didn't that guy get fired?
Why was it like...
Well, you're good job, Jenkins.
Yeah, that makes sense.
It's like if he said, like, a humdinger or, like...
Like, that one's a lulu.
A doozy.
Tote's AIDS.
It just seems...
It makes you feel bad when you're talking about it.
Like, it's like, you know, we all got a kick out of it.
I finally looked it up, but sure enough, it's a clinical term.
Like, that was a terrible idea.
Did we talk about, on the show before,
about J. Johnson's pitch for a breakfast restaurant?
Give you some full-blown eggs.
See, that's the right use of full-blown.
Honey, I want breakfast.
God, me too.
Let's call it a full-blown eggs.
I have one more linguistic problem.
And I said, look, hey,
I don't want to start a beef with the band Imagine Dragons.
I have no problem with them.
I have a problem with the phrase Imagine Dragons,
because how could...
It's the...
That is the one...
Imagine Drag.
If I'm imagining, why would I imagine...
That's like doing an impression of Homer Simpson
in your stand-up act.
That's like someone else's imagination.
Dragons.
Imagine... Oh, you got me.
Dragons. What the fuck?
Someone else imagined them.
Imagine... Oh, I don't know.
I'll try to keep up. Just play the music.
I mean, go ahead and try to blow my mind, but...
Maybe they're dragons that imagine.
They're like the Imagine Dragons.
These are dragons that have imagination.
Maybe we're going to find out with Pearl Jam
that it means something disgusting.
Imagine Dragons is like
when you stick your dick in a woman's nose
or something.
That's Dragon Sleeve.
Dragon Sleeve?
Come on, give her a Dragon Sleeve.
Do you ever watch the really, really rough porn?
We should bring Schrabba.
All right.
That was a hairpin turn.
Our guest tonight
is a civil rights activist and...
He's doing a lot of work with Antifa.
Hello. Hello, Dan.
Hello, everyone.
Hey, I just texted you a clip.
Oh.
Can I sit there, then, if you want me to play stuff for them?
The AV's over here.
Let me see.
Okay.
Where am I going to put my phone?
You could put it on that other thing.
Do you want to play the clip?
No, no, no.
Don't let him do it.
So we're shot, boys.
Sorry.
Oh, shit.
It's been a while.
It's been a while since I've been here, everyone.
Sorry.
All right. This is Christ.
What the hell?
Ugh, these chairs suck.
They suck so bad.
No, they're good.
We've got a couch right there.
There's a couch.
There's a couch right there.
Go sit there.
I can feel the padding.
I'm sitting in a bird cage.
Sitting in a couch.
All right.
No more negative talk.
Jeff is grabbing a pillow cushion.
Thank you.
Very good.
He's giving it to Rob.
Rob has the cushions.
I love it.
He's not sitting on it.
So this clip you sent me.
I don't ever understand why.
This is not going to work.
This is going to kill him.
Don't die.
Yay.
He's sitting on the cushion.
On the chair.
In a precarious tangle.
Should I just press play on this?
He will die.
Please don't follow the backwards.
Yeah.
You got it.
Can you read?
Yeah, it's it.
You get it.
Read first of all.
Read them the name of the clip.
Don't read them it.
The name of the clip
is man shitting on the street
in Lahore, Pakistan?
Right.
There's man shitting on the street everywhere.
Just listen to the
guys talking off camera.
That's the whole thing.
Let's listen.
Start from the beginning.
Stop.
No, no, no.
What he's shitting
I'm putting on his knee.
Why?
What?
He's rubbing it on his leg.
He's going
No, no, no, no.
Why?
No, no, shitting.
The best is him going
Why?
No, no.
Why shitting?
Can you bring up my
screen on my iPhone?
Did it break?
No, no, no. I wanted to show him
the text message exchange from
Schrab.
Oh, I have to mirror it.
Wow, I really just brought the show
to a halt.
It's not worth it. It doesn't matter.
You could describe it, right?
Yeah, but that's how you know
something's not really worth it.
How you doing, Jeff?
I'm doing okay.
How's it going, Dan?
I feel like the show's been
split a little bit.
I think it's probably fine.
Oh, brother.
You ever think about that treasure
map we found?
Every day.
Every day of my life.
What's going on in your life?
I'm working on this show, Ghosted,
starring Adam Scott.
I think if we go and find the treasure,
we'd be able to start some kind of
treasure team.
Yeah.
Rob, do you want to steal Dan and Spencer's treasure?
I hear
they need some new people over at
Ghosted.
Why don't we
pretend to be interested
in working on that show?
And we might be able to
find treasure digging equipment.
Right.
Let's do that.
Hi, guys.
What are you guys talking about over there?
We were trying to do things concurrently,
but you guys stopped.
I got kind of invested.
You guys had a richer
tapestry over there.
You're saying we won.
That's what I'm hearing.
We won the conversation.
Captain Kangaroo always won.
Hey, okay.
Bob Keesha.
You guys ever get...
You guys ever get into...
I heard you were a real badass in Vietnam.
I read that on Facebook.
Like you and Mr. Rogers,
despite being
such great children
entertainers, you were
a motherfucker in Vietnam.
You certainly sent Charlie
back into the bush.
You were a badass in Vietnam, Captain.
Is it true, Dan,
that right now you are an aging detective
who's getting a little too old for this shit?
Yeah.
Just a couple weeks away from retirement?
Or a principal.
Give me like a British...
Yeah, there's...
Give me a blustery old, like, Colonel
old, so...
No, not Japanese.
Do English, not Japanese.
It's hardly the way to behave
in that situation.
Whoever committed this murder
must have one shoe
wider than his thigh.
I say, Mr. Harmon, nothing.
I find your methods highly unethical.
Oh-ho-bo-ho-key.
Ooh, the cheek on this one.
So, listen.
Did you guys know that...
Did you guys know that
the guy who came up...
the phrase Murphy's Law,
whatever can go wrong,
will go wrong, basically,
we looked it up in the car
on the way over because we were looking up
at some of the eponymous stuff.
If that's what they call it.
Cody was...
because she was learning about the Bechdel test
and she's like, how many other
eponymous things are named after women?
One, the Streisand effect, and then everything else.
So, it's kind of...
eponymous laws don't really...
they kind of violate some tests there.
But one of the tests is Murphy's Law.
And I was like, yeah, but that's not a guy.
That's just probably some ironic Irish thing
or something, like luck of the Irish inverted
but there was a guy
whose, I guess his nickname
was Murphy, but his full name was like
kind of Robocop.
It was a...
I don't know, it's a longer name
but they called him Murphy, but he was a guy
who made measuring instruments
or something. He was a fuck-up.
I think his shit didn't work.
So, the reason Murphy's Law
is a thing isn't because...
we've all adopted it as a phrase that makes us think,
like, whoa, you know, look,
give yourself a break, like, shit goes wrong.
You know, you've got to anticipate shit going wrong
but it was like, it wasn't even invented
by the guy named Murphy.
It was like something applied, it was like
Murphy's Law is that this shit won't work.
Like, a guy probably...
he probably only didn't kill himself
because his noose broke.
He's probably like, well, this isn't going to last.
I mean, a couple of weeks and they'll get sick
of saying Murphy's Law.
And then someone was like, you know that thing
you thought would happen? It didn't.
It went wrong.
Everyone's going to say you're a fuck-up
for the rest of your life. Well...
They're saying it in Ohio.
Then I'll blow my brains out. Click.
They're saying it in Florida.
They're saying it in Canada.
They're saying it in Alaska.
They're saying it in
Ontario.
They're saying it in China.
They're saying it in Australia.
They're saying it
in Chicago.
in Atlantis.
They're saying it
in South America.
in South Dakota.
They're saying it in
South Korea.
South Milwaukee.
All right.
Book market.
I want to use more of that.
Put that one on the Holiday Reel.
Put that on our anniversary show.
I want you back.
He's like Chef Lightning lived without the speeder.
Rob, I hear that
the new trend
is ramen noodles.
I hear they're talking about them
all over the place.
What?
I hear they're talking about ramen noodles.
There's a big trend right now.
I'm trying to set you up for your big
ramen noodles.
You can't make
Schrab do anything.
He doesn't sit in the right chair.
He doesn't do anything.
If he's not
in the show, then he comes up in the audience.
If everyone laughs, then you book him next week.
Then he comes and he's in a bad mood.
You know what
Schrab hates?
What?
Playing Pictionary.
Rob Schrab, famous artist.
I don't like people making me play Pictionary.
It's just dumb.
No, I'm sorry. That's rude.
It's a little bit, but...
You invited me up here.
I know.
I'm sorry.
Rob, what's your wife doing?
She's playing magic cards.
Who does she play with?
Her friend Zach.
I think...
We'll be right back.
Mandy's is this office
underwear you'll ever put.
Real big.
I want to play magic with your wife.
It's true. It's not a joke.
Can I watch?
Hey, Spencer, can I watch?
Hey, Spencer, you mind if I watch you
play magic with my wife?
Hey, Spencer.
What are you doing tonight?
Hey, Spencer, why don't you come over
and play magic with my wife while I watch
from the closet?
What do you guys do when you get into a car?
What?
What did you say?
It's not a game show.
You have to wait until the questions
fully ask.
He's holding his glasses up to his ear
so he can see
the sound waves better.
I'm a car hearing.
What do you guys do
when you get into
a car
that you've called with...
Sorry.
What do you guys do
when you get into a rideshare
vehicle that you've ordered
via the intertubes
and you get into the car
and the driver says,
what kind of music are you interested
in listening to?
What are you supposed to say to that?
I always say the same thing.
Whatever you like.
Does anyone go
something salty?
Give me a swingy number.
Hip hop or nothing?
Who's going to stick their
neck out?
Who do you think right now is the saltiest
music artist out there?
It's T-Swift, right?
Her new single.
Oh, shit.
Have you heard T-Swift's
new single?
Does anyone call her T-Swift?
Oh, yeah.
T-Swift.
You know, it's a...
I got to dance.
I haven't heard it either.
I just saw everyone's talking about it.
I don't know what. I've never heard it.
It sounds pretty salty.
But sometimes some of those songs
that everyone's talking about are great.
I remember it was like, hey, that Lord song,
everyone listen to that Lord song
and I plushed it and then I was like,
I enjoy that. I also
would like to be royal,
but don't need to be.
I also will never be royal.
I also don't.
I like to have a good time for less
overhead.
Lord.
I also...
I'm fine with people calling me Queen B.
Hmm.
You know who you are.
You thought I was too funny.
Shame on you.
Schrab's wife plays magic.
Murphy's Law.
Okay, so Dino has this lizard
in his house.
What? Or he used to.
He's gone now. He gave it to somebody
that can take better care of it.
His daughter wanted a bearded dragon
so he had this
lizard in a
tank.
He'd take it out and let it run around
and whenever it runs around,
I'd be like, oh bearded dragons,
they're so curious.
They're trying to escape.
They're curious.
They go up through the window and go
just keep trying
to walk like a fuck
and like, can I get...
And then I was like, I used to laugh at it
but he doesn't know.
There's nothing out there for him.
If you opened the front door,
he'd go through it and he'd be like,
come on, that's one homeless lizard.
He's not going to become
vice president of anything.
He's not going to find a condo.
He's not even going to find a fly.
He's a lizard from a tank.
He's going to go out there and he's going to
get his ass kicked by the rat race.
But
I was in Tulum, Mexico
and then there's this movement
over in the underbrush.
It's a giant iguana.
Clearly, and then we're like,
oh god, is it going to kill us?
Have we intruded on its territory?
Mexico.
No, of course we haven't.
Sorry, what?
That's...
I heard Texaco
so I don't know what you're...
Mexico, okay.
So we're like,
is it going to attack us?
It's like coming up to us.
And then we're like, I don't know,
we threw a nacho
in a different direction
and it ran and started eating a nacho.
And then Cody was like,
oh god, what if the nachos are sharp?
It's not supposed to eat nachos.
And I looked up iguana on the internet
and I was like, it says they can eat anything.
But don't eat nachos largely.
This is the biggest iguana I'd ever seen.
And then we started realizing this thing lives here.
It lives here and it eats nachos.
And by any definitions,
it is a successful iguana
for having done it.
That was the biggest one you've ever seen.
What was the smallest?
The smallest iguana
that you've ever seen?
Another iguana that I saw there in Mexico.
Whoa.
Same day?
Maybe? I can't quite remember that.
Okay.
Are you checking out my
sources or what?
I'm doing some research.
He wants to know how many iguanas
have you seen.
I saw a million iguanas in Tulum.
They're everywhere.
They're like Chihuahua in
Chihuahua.
So I was just thinking,
it's funny because that iguana
escaped from anything.
Then I was thinking, oh,
Dino's lizard when it's pressed up against the window.
It doesn't have
the word power to explain this to us.
It doesn't even know in its own lizard brain
what it's looking for.
I can't push the air.
It's still basically
it wants to be
on a beach with us eating nachos.
Lizards.
It's not like,
I want to get out of here
and be Lewis and Clark.
I want to find a place
where I can have food
and shelter and sex
and watch the sunset with you.
You weird primate.
Why are you keeping me in this
in Los Feliz in a hot guest house?
And we're like,
because you're fun.
Like, here's a stick.
And it's like, what do you think this
because this looks like nature that I'm going to hang
on a stick on top of your TV
and chill
and be as happy as I would be
if you
like, it wants what we want.
The lizard wants what we want.
I don't think any animal,
if they had the cognitive ability,
wants to be in a little tank
in your living room with a stick.
No.
Yeah, pet ownership is really immoral.
That's what we're saying, right?
We should probably start fixing this country
starting with the top problem it has.
It's National Dog Day, Dan.
Oh.
Couple of dogs in the audience.
Did you wish your dogs
a happy National Dog Day, Dan
and Rob?
I did.
Oh.
Well, I'm off on Twitter, so I don't know anything.
It was on Instagram.
But I feel like,
and I'm not diminishing,
I support your animal enthusiasm.
Thank you, Daniel.
It seems like there's a lot of animal
days happening with you.
With me?
Well, there's a lot of animal days
that I'm conscious of because of your hashtags.
There's not just one animal day a year.
There's National Dog Day, there's an international
You Love Your Pet Day,
there's Dog Defense Day,
there's stuff like Mercy for Animals.
That's not a day, that's just a thing you'd like to see.
Yeah.
So, you're glutting the market.
Okay.
You gotta cut down. Anything else?
Anything else I'm doing wrong?
Like, do you want to comment
on what I'm wearing?
Or, you know, my home?
Anything else? Anything, any other notes?
For my life?
You're flooding the market.
You gotta stop doing that.
No, it's okay. Go ahead.
What was it like
when you were writing scripts together
when you guys were alone in the room?
Just like this.
Without an audience.
Yeah, not a lot of scripts coming out of that machine.
Why is the Monster House just
bitching at itself about
how it's a bad friend?
Well, that's right what you know.
We're done.
Alright, well, get in here, Pamela Petler.
Remember
when that guy wanted to,
I think maybe murder me and Pamela
Petler because we were sending him
secret messages to Roster House.
I showed you the stuff and you're like,
what am I, chopped liver?
Remember that guy?
No.
Maybe it was me.
That was a story for only you.
Well, I've told that story before
about the guy that thought that
Monster House was sending secret messages to him.
The bear's retelling.
He sent a lot of letters
to Sony and they give
me a big box of them to wash their hands
legally of it after the case was closed.
They're like, this guy might kill you one day. Bye.
And he was like
a schizophrenic guy, right?
Who thought there was like secret messages.
Yeah, I mean, I would just...
Dear Robert Semeckis.
I am
writing to
alert you to the fact
that your movie is
putting words in my
head.
I just wanted to let you know
that...
It's more like usually
they already assume
that Robert Semeckis knows it.
They assume Sony knows it.
They're writing to say,
don't think I don't know what you're doing to me.
I know. Stop doing it.
Or I want money because they're convinced
of this thing. And then they're like,
Dan Harmon and Pamela Petler
are bragging about killing my daughter
in Monster House.
And...
There's no...
There's no reason to give it.
It's just Schrab is just excised from this guy's
murder fantasies.
This guy can't get a break.
The credits are Dan Harmon
and Ampersand Rob Schrab
and Pamela Petler.
He just needlessly removed Schrab
from his mental...
Might be a...
fan.
I can't stay mad at Schrab.
Did you ever think that it might have been Schrab?
Schrab, did you write that letter?
Yes.
Did you guys know that the phrase
cakewalk is racist like everything else?
Damn.
I don't know.
What is the origin of cakewalk?
Maybe it's not racist.
It has uncomfortable origins to like...
It is named after
Elijah's cake.
Do you remember when...
Say what?
It's a kind of party.
Well, cakewalk, yes, Annie is calling out.
It's a kind of party. A cakewalk is when you see...
I believe they were doing this on Soul Train.
You see clips of Soul Train or at weddings
when kind of a spontaneous line forms
and people dance down the line
like the Will Smith summertime video.
That's what a cakewalk is.
It's like people going down a line
and just getting points for style kind of thing.
Are they in line for cake?
That's the thing, so it goes...
The etymology goes back to
slave times
when there would be a cake awarded
to the best
style going down the line or something.
So then you're like, is there anything
that doesn't...
If you pull a cord
three inches and you're like, I don't want a guy.
Everything is ugly.
I just don't want a thing.
I just want to withdraw from everything.
I'm going to buy a land in the desert
and I'm going to dig straight down like Minecraft
and just see what happens.
That sounds badass.
It's probably hard though because it's all sand.
I have a new friend that's going to help me
because he bought land in the desert.
What the fuck?
I exchanged numbers with him.
Jesus.
And then you know how you exchange numbers
with people and
then you just text your name to them
because now they have your number.
I won't say his first name because I don't know
what his privacy is.
But his last name is Pizza.
It was like, for instance,
John Pizza.
And I was like, cool.
The text conversation is just me.
He's like, so here's that information
I told you to give you.
Your last name is Pizza?
Yes, it is.
And you want to register here
and there's a type of thing.
Yeah, so...
stage name?
No, real name Pizza.
He sent a photo of his driver's license.
You can tell he's had this conversation
a thousand times.
That's the first Pizza I've ever met.
And then I was like,
I had to ask.
I said, do you like Pizza?
And he's like, and he said,
I knew what he was going to say.
And I said, I know that, but everyone's not named Pizza.
So I had to check
because what if you were the one guy
that didn't like it?
New whole new conversation.
I know everyone likes Pizza.
Do you know how
Mexican people slice their Pizza?
Cuatro Cinco.
What?
With Little Caesars.
I didn't say it.
Racist in the audience said it.
I was asking because I don't know.
But we found out that some of our audience
is very racist.
Well, I remember the quicksand joke
that's what I was doing, Cuatro Cinco.
Cuatro Cinco, yeah.
What's the quicksand joke?
It's...
I don't really want to say it.
I'm a lift out.
Just look it up.
I don't know if I ever told this story on that.
Were you there, back in Milwaukee,
because we were in comedy sports,
there was a joke-telling contest at a shopping mall?
No, but you did tell me.
I wasn't there, but you told me.
And I was like, oh, we need local celebrities to judge.
Comedy professionals.
So we worked at comedy sports,
so we went to judge this kind of like
joke-telling contest at a shopping mall.
And it was like, there's like eight people
that are in constant rotation just wondering
by going, why is there a stage here?
What's going on?
And then they go, so we're going to start the joke contest.
So just remember, keep it above the belt.
Keep it clean.
No, nothing overtly racial or
profane. They have this whole disclaimer.
It's like, let's keep it friendly.
And it's a fun joke.
And then everyone's just so delightful
and bright-eyed. No one's trolling
or anything, but everyone's just hearing
that disclaimer and then coming up and going,
what do you call four Mexicans in quicksand?
And they just don't know.
And then they're like, okay, okay, great.
Let's hear it for Emily. Again,
we really just want to,
it's a joke contest at a shopping mall
and we just want to, and then it was
everything, it didn't matter
what color the person was, what gender.
It was like they all shared one thing,
which was a total love of some
disgusting, horrible, immediately offensive
joke that they had. No, I was like,
a little 10-year-old girl came up
and she was like so excited and she goes like,
and she goes like,
it was the Fakawi joke.
It was the Fakawi tribe joke.
She was so excited to tell it.
I don't know how to tell it. I don't know how to tell jokes.
We know that. Have you
heard of the Fakawi tribe,
the Native American tribe?
They were
famous for their
sense of direction
and they mapped
the entire
pre-colonial
American
prairie because they had this amazing technique
because they didn't
use the sun and they didn't use
mountains, they didn't use the ocean,
they would just, whenever they would
end up somewhere they weren't familiar with,
they'd stop and say,
we're the Fakawi.
You did it.
A 10-year-old girl
said that in a shot.
That whole joke?
That's me trying to,
that's my frog DNA.
I don't know how to tell jokes.
I don't know.
Give us
another joke.
Give us another joke, Dan.
Dan, how about a joke?
Here, let me give you a subject.
Shoes, go.
Give us a shoe joke.
Give us one of your famous Dan Harmon shoe jokes.
Dan, come on.
Top five, Dan Harmon
best shoe jokes.
Starting with the fifth
joke.
Here we go. Dan,
shoe jokes, Harmon
will do his top five
shoe jokes.
Starting with the fifth joke.
Number five. Starting with number five.
Coming out number five, Dan Harmon
shoe joke.
Let's top it.
The bottom of the charts.
Starting at the bottom. Going all the way to number one.
Dan Harmon shoe jokes.
Here we go.
You just tuned in to Dan Harmon shoe jokes.
If you just tuned in
we're starting at five and we're going to one.
Here we go. Take it away, Dan.
Bought you by
Nestl Quick.
If you're listening to
shoe jokes and you
got a sweet tooth, mix yourself up
cup
Nestle quick and as the rabbit says it's quick delicious now back to Dan
Harmon's top five shoe jokes right after this message mom I'll come the sun
doesn't come up anymore there's got to be a better way
hey you kids bring the sun come up with Suncatapult put the sun in a lacrosse style
catapult harness then pull it back and watch the flavor fly thank you sun
catapult we'll be right back after these messages
hey I don't come to where you work and tell you how to flip burgers go fuck
yourself what number are we yet we haven't even did the fifth one yet
all right here we go we're going live we're going live okay all right she's
crying number five are there guy walks into a shoe store with a bottle of
champagne and his cock hanging out of his pants the shoe woman says can I help
you sir and he says what do you have in an 11 and a half she takes him in back
there's a sheep there wearing beautiful pair of ruby slippers on its front
hooves and these amazing Air Jordan cross trainers on its rear hooves with a
but it's got this gaping mouth for a butthole a human mouth with teeth and
lipstick and a tongue she says have at it and goes back to the front of the
store he's left holding the champagne and his cock she's sweeping up later he
comes out with an empty bottle and no car she says did you enjoy the 11 and a
half he says at these prices I'm gonna need more champagne we'll be back with
joke number four check out the incredible hook is he versus Thor this
Friday at this starlight mall we're back with number four of the then how
much you don't count down what do you call a shoe with no soul the top of a
sock that was a little more cerebral than number five
moving all right he's making us think yep I can't wait to find out what's in
store halfway to the shoe joke number three sponsored by Del Monte fruit cakes
Del Monte fruit cakes when you're a little fruity have a bite of Del Monte
fruit cakes now with Apple computers I have a back to the Dan Harmon countdown
of shoe jokes number three why did the why did the why did the why did the the
Asian shoe in a racist society go to the horses stable when he felt untied find
out the answer right after this break this break I want a car that drives
fast I want a car to drive slow I want to drive a car that goes in between what
kind of car you want it come on down to bills cars we got all kinds of cars we
got cars from Alaska we got cars from China we got cars from South America we
got cars from South Dakota we got cars from Ontario we got cars from bars we
got cars full of stars all kinds of cars back to the show it wanted to find the
laces I was looking for the laces this is a racist society this is takes place
in a universe created by the guys from Game of Thrones where it's okay to be
racist Dan this is Susan from the from the from the network you're doing a
great job we just think you're doing great how do you think you how do you
think you're doing to go you feeling good up there you know I wish that I had
more time to come up with the jokes yeah but yeah I know people people like
people like to see the process they like to see the process we have a couple
we I think we all think you're doing perfect the viewers are comfortable with
the fact that the process often leads to not a good joke that it's not that the
process I hate to say it sorry Jeff I hate to say it Susan but that's on you
that's really on you you know we gave you this opportunity because you said
you could come through so all right three more to go right to two more only two
more only two more can you do you need more time yeah this is live yeah we're
coming back from doing more time this is live we're coming back from Bill's car
spot in 10 seconds I say do you think I'm gonna hit me fucking I was being
sarcastic all right okay okay we're going live I got it for right after the
soccer game here it comes Dan Armand why do shoes come in pairs they like to
converse
oh my god the ratings are going through the roof Gary Gary coming to the booth
of me oh my god Gary we got we got a solid gold fucking hit on our hands we
just pulled a million share all you have to do is one more joke we've never had a
week we're gonna be so fucking rich oh my god second second second okay suck on
it your dick your dick I'm Susan I'm Gary yeah I know why are you calling me
Susan I'm Susan yeah you are now suck my dick oh okay hello hi is this Dan
Armand hello hello sorry hello put the fucking phone down we're live he's
got one more joke but there's no way we build the number one joke as the
number one joke for a reason it has to top the converse joke the converse joke
is a fucking 24 karat goddamn piece of genius we're gonna be so fucking all he
has to do is tell one more joke because they like to converse it's gotta be the
best joke of the night damn I'm a fucking I'm gonna we got a big one more
joke oh my god every season sweet sweet moon shot we're gonna be so fucking rich
all he has to do is tell one more shoot only one more joke oh my god my joke
and then it's Susan and Gary from the booth can you hear us holy shit we're
coming back from Tony taco time in five seconds oh my god just be yourself up
there sweetheart we love you we got a big shit we got a holy shit I just heard
I just Wesley Snipes just tweeted we got a show right now you got this
Wesley Snipes is watching the show right now you got the Snipes and you got the
fucking ratings you got the snipes be yourself oh shit we're live be fucking
it be yourself at home kick it home kick it home take it home come on shoe boy
shoe boy come on kick it kick this joke here we go here we go here we go in five
four three what do shoes and tarps have in common under specific circumstances
they are covering corns that's been it for Dan Harmon tell us shoes
I'm Matt Goodson little husband production Dan Harmon's wardrobe by Coco Chanel Gary
guests of Dan Harmon shoes stay at the Hyatt Burbank Gary oh my god oh I've
been I'm afraid to check the numbers but that was that was good right that was
pretty good last joke Gary can I talk to you in the other no I guess I got some
bad news for everybody here what I need to talk to you guys yes before the
reviews come in okay a tarp can cover anything I cheated it's not a good joke
it sounded like one a tarp can cover anything I started with corn I worked
backwards I panicked you guys the bad news is look I'll start with the goodness
the goodness is we tried our hardest and we believed in the product we believed
in the project it's our baby and Dan you did your best out there the bad news the
network loves it so much we're going live for five more shoo-joke
you know people have spoken shoo-joke in shoe-joke in shoe-joke in shoe-joke in shoe-joke in South America is your favorite shoe-joke
yeah tonight I'm Dan Harmon shoe-jokes we got Flip Wilson Imagine Dragons and some of the top delicious shoe-jokes in America now
here's the man of the hour with the shoe of the joke what why are baby shoes like
the president I don't know bronzing hey but not that I'm not anti-trump I'm not
anti-trump cut the commercial cut the commercial high heel shoes seemed designed to limit women's mobility
commercial button I can you hear me your earpiece yeah we forgot how to go to
commercial we're still live tell the shoe joke you piece of shit uh what what
What you Malcolm McDowell's?
Alright, here we go.
Cut the Pizza Hut. The Pizza Hut delivers.
I got a good one.
I love my Pizza Hut.
My Pizza Hut.
My Pizza Hut delivers.
A Sherman Way.
Gary, I love you so much. That was the bravest thing I've ever seen.
I love you Gary.
I love you too.
What's my name?
Pizza Hut.
No.
Susan.
Susan?
I forgot about you Susan.
We're back. We're back live. We're back live, Gary.
I'm so fucking high right now.
Alright. Take us back to that joke, Dan.
What do Malcolm McDowell's boots say?
What?
Welly, welly, welly, welly, well.
That was a line from Clockwork Orange.
And that's also a brand of boot.
Oh boy.
What does Charlie Brown's boots say?
Ugg.
We got him back. We got him back.
All we need is one more, Dan. One more.
Do you want to go to commercial? You got this.
Why?
You got to go to commercial. You don't have to do that. You don't have to be here, Dan.
Why are your shoes like society?
They protect you.
They protect you while imprisoning you.
God damn it, Gary. Gary.
He told us he wasn't going to do the political stuff.
He told us he wasn't going to help.
And they shouldn't have gone into Vietnam.
Oh no.
They don't want me to say it.
This war is a lie.
Please stand by. We're experiencing technical difficulties.
Let's be doing cocaine.
Please stand by.
We now return to real people already in progress.
Hey, you know, I'm trying to figure out how to make these cheese models work.
What kind of glue are you using?
Just wood glue.
Oh, okay. Well, here. Let me help you out there.
We are up to this broadcast to bring you an emergency service.
The dead are rising from the grave and walking the earth.
If you see a loved one, a friend, someone you recognize,
and they are behaving erratically, homicidally, do not trust them.
Do yourselves indoors. Burn the corpses.
Do not trust the dead.
Report to the following safe haven.
That was a close one.
Virginia.
That wasn't close.
Thank God.
Thank God for zombies.
Man.
Tomorrow morning, no one's going to be talking about that shoe ramps.
I know.
They're all going to be talking about their loved ones trying to eat them.
Oh, gosh.
Boy, did we dodge a bullet on that one.
Man, I invested like everything I own into that last hour television.
Wait a second. I just got a telegram.
Is Dan still in the building?
Yeah.
Let me check.
Yeah, he's still here.
Dan, get your ass in here.
Dan, could you please get your ass in here?
I don't know what you think you were doing with that shoe ramp about Vietnam.
What was that shoe ramp about Vietnam?
One of our sponsors is the Viet Cong.
Oh, for Christ's sake, Susan, follow the money.
Look, I got good news and I got bad news.
Hey, hey, you want to hear some news?
There's two types.
Go for it.
The good news is...
The good news is Dan.
The good news.
I'm going to give you the good news first.
You get it first and then bad.
The good news is that I haven't already come over there and killed you myself for ruining our show.
That's the good news.
That's the good news. That's the good news.
Well, it sounds bad.
Well, tell him the bad news.
Is the bad news?
I saved the bad news for last because I want your humiliation to be complete.
Yeah.
Well, I thought I'd get good news and bad news.
Well, you got the good news.
You got the good news.
I got two kinds of bad news.
Just admit it.
You're using an ironic framing device.
No, we're not.
You got two pieces of news. They're both bad.
You put them in order of ascending badness.
Yes.
You don't fuck with people like that.
Oh, I don't fuck.
You fucked with our hit TV show.
You fucked the TV show.
We had a big turn and hit.
I fucked that TV show to the top.
No.
Look at these numbers.
You want the bad news or not?
Yeah.
Give it to me.
The bad news is...
I hope I choke on it.
I hope you do too.
Yeah.
The bad news, my friend.
You suck all the dicks.
Piece of shit.
Here it comes.
What did you...
Here comes the bad news.
Yeah.
Here it comes.
This news is going to make those last newses seem good.
I wouldn't...
Go.
If I were you, I would buckle your bad news belt.
Yeah.
Because...
You shitty shit joke shoes.
What does the bad news belt do?
The bad...
What?
What does the bad news belt do?
It protects you from bad news.
Yeah.
But this bad news is so bad that the belt is almost worthless.
So you know what?
Don't even put it on.
Are you trying to give me bad news?
Why give me the belt?
I'm giving...
I'm saying...
Put a hundred...
Put good news belts on.
Nothing's going to save you from how bad the news is that I'm about to...
So you don't want the news to be good.
I know.
Just call it news then.
Why do you have...
You don't even like it when it's good.
Why are you being so antagonistic?
Here's a pitch.
How about this?
I'm going to give you another piece of news.
After I give you this piece of news, you can look back later on when you go to bed.
You can say which was the good news and which was the bad news.
Which was the better news.
That's a good way of explaining it.
That's a great way of explaining it.
Are you ready for the news?
Yeah.
He did a pretty good job of setting it up.
So just respect him enough to listen to the other half of the news.
The two news items that we are troubling with you and wasting so much of your precious time with.
Go ahead.
We're halfway through.
Here's the news.
He's fucking...
The head of the network.
The guy that pays all of our bills.
A man that could crush any one of us.
All your crazy, shoe Vietnam rents.
Your shitty attitude.
Loved it so much, he wants five more live right now.
Good evening, Mr. and Mrs. and Mrs.
I was kidding you fucking stupid asshole.
Did nobody watch it?
You ruined our show.
We're so shitty you made the dead come back to the life and everybody's dead and we're sitting here all alone.
The only reason we haven't left the studio is because our loved ones are out to kill us, right?
Yes.
Because of that last shoot.
You made America lose faith in its armed forces.
Yes.
And it's a very fabric of our society.
The fabric of society.
You faked a television broadcast during a zombie apocalypse just to shame me.
Which we should be storing water.
Dan, what if I told you that this whole thing has been the new episode of your new show where you do rant about politics
and you get to speak your mind?
I'd be ecstatic.
Well then why don't you say hi to the audience because you see these cameras?
Gentlemen, pull the tape off from the red lights.
You see, this has been rolling live the entire time.
Dan, the people love you.
You spoke your mind.
You gave them the truth.
We want more.
We want more shoe based truth.
It's a weird network note.
They want all of your truth to be shoe kind of put into a shoe metaphor.
Yeah.
Can you just put it in a shoe metaphor?
Just your truth.
Why did you guys fool me into thinking that you hated me and that I was...
Because we wanted to see the real you.
We wanted to see if you could stand up for yourself or shrink.
And you know what, sweetheart?
You nailed it.
I'm ready.
You ready?
I'm not afraid anymore.
Dan, Dan, Daniel, Dan, got a little bit of shit on your face.
Can we get last looks?
A little bit of shit on your face.
Jeremy, can you come out here and give him a little powder?
He's a little shiny right now.
It's like a piece of...
He's a little shiny.
A little pretzel there.
A little bit shiny.
Okay.
I think we're...
Here we go.
Dan, just be yourself.
Okay.
Yeah.
You got it.
One more.
Just...
What?
Okay.
What do new balanced shoes have in common with the city commissioner's office of St. Louis?
Focus on arch support.
We'll be right back.
I can't believe you thought we were really doing a show.
There was...
Dan, there's no cameras out there.
Yeah.
What the fuck are we...
You...
You believe that?
Yeah.
We wanted you to do a shoe-based hate show?
We...
You gotta be a special kind of dumb.
You ruined...
You ruined our network.
Yeah.
You trashed the world with your bile coming out of your...
I'm gonna go outside and have a smoke.
Yeah.
I'll be right back.
Me too.
I'm gonna go out and watch him smoke.
Quick.
This fucking guy is fucking...
I know.
Smoking quick.
Okay.
Wait, do you hear something?
They're getting closer.
Do you hear something?
Keep smoking.
I'm smoking as fast as I can.
You're gonna tell me how to smoke now?
Ah!
Oh!
Zombie!
Hit!
Sorry, Jeff.
Susan.
Susan!
Susan's fucking...
Jesus.
All right.
It's past 9-11.
We should get...
Move on to the next segment of our show.
No one wants to.
Well, guess what?
Levy's out of town, so fucking Dickhead has to take his place.
Anyway, so...
Are we not doing G&G because Levy's out of town?
What?
We are...
Oh, sorry.
I put you on the spot.
Let's, instead, fight.
Fascism?
No.
Each other.
Oh.
Woo!
Let the fascists win.
But...
We're the audience.
Right?
We could fight the audience.
That would be fun, right?
You know, okay.
All right, so no D&D.
Okay, fine.
No, we could play D&D.
Hey, before we do, can I...
Can I do a plug real quick?
Yeah.
I'm gonna be doing an art show September 9th.
It's called Slashback Video.
It's called The Missing N, the September 9th story.
Fucking bush mouth.
It's a Slashback video.
It's gonna be an art show that they take like a gallery and turn it into a video store.
And I'm gonna be putting up some of my VHS boxes.
What's it called again?
Slashback Video.
And it's gonna be September 9th.
So check out...
September 9th.
Instagram and Twitter for that.
Woo!
It's gonna be cool.
It's gonna be really cool.
Where can they find us online if they want to find them?
On my Instagram account and Twitter account.
You can just go to HotmailBallWorship.com.
Stop it.
Nobody likes that.
Nobody's ever liked that.
Did you say that you were gonna go...
He can Schrab it out, but he can't...
He can't Schrab it.
Where'd you go on your phone to show something up on your screen earlier on?
I was just gonna show our text message conversation, but it's not worth it.
It's like, no, no, no, no.
It's not worth it.
It's just this relationship is just dumb.
I said, will you do the...
What did you think it was gonna be?
No, a wine and roses?
Don't do that.
I never promised you a rose.
I didn't ask for roses.
I said...
Can I see a little bit more of your iguana impression?
I quite enjoyed the iguana.
Can I see?
Now do an iguana shitting on the streets of India.
Why?
Oh, why?
You were so in character.
You're like, why are you judging me?
Why?
No, no, no, no, no.
Shitting.
Do you guys think astrologers...
Aren't astrologers the ultimate pro-choicers?
Because you can't...
It'll fuck up your math.
It's when you're born...
You can't be a pro-life astrologer
because it would fuck up all the math.
It's like the minute you draw...
According to an astrologist's thing,
it's like when you draw your first breath
or when the cord is cut, I don't know.
Life cannot begin during conception.
It's when you're born.
The time of your actual emergence.
What's the January astrology sign?
Capricorn.
Capricorn or Aquarius?
So you'd go nine months back.
I'm sure somebody's done this bit on the internet,
the life horoscope.
It's just nine months earlier.
So I should also look out for a new opportunity.
Anyways, should we play G&D?
I think we should.
I think we should roll the dice.
Roll those bones.
Let's just note that that last joke lost Annie.
She left.
No, you know, this is the time for Annie to take her show shit.
She goes back, she takes a big fucking steaming shit.
That's the thing that they all call it.
Why are you gonna...
What? What did I do now?
What?
The relationship is dumb.
No, I was trying to...
I'll try to do this, then I say,
we're the best and then we're a morning show.
I don't know.
Why are you gonna do that?
I'm afraid of intimacy.
Google it.
What am I supposed to say,
I love you all the time?
We're dying.
Wow, that just turned so quickly.
We're your best friend.
Thank you for being a friend.
I said, okay, wow.
What?
I don't know what to see.
It's a dumb relationship.
That's when I said it.
Okay.
Twist my arm.
Rob, you're kind of a hugger.
You hug occasionally, right?
Yeah, I've been known to do that.
Dan, not as much of a hugger.
But you and I have hugged a couple or three times in our...
Maybe 20 or 30 times.
Dan's a back pattern.
He's like...
That's what you'll get.
A back pattern.
That's a sign you're a bad person.
You don't rub your hand.
They're fucking bra strap.
You don't want to feel your bra strap.
You fucking pat.
When you hug a woman, it's the same rules as when you...
When you have a stain, you dab.
Let's just do the fucking game.
Let's just do the game, Dan.
Dan, let's just do it.
I'm going to do it standing.
I had to find out.
I was at the Creative Arts Emmys with Alice and Brie.
And there's a photo of me with my armor around her.
And I'm like...
And then that's how I found out about hover hand
and men who are afraid to touch women.
Because everyone was like, Dan, really?
Come on. And they close up with my hand.
It's like claw hand over Alice and Brie's shoulder.
Because I'm afraid to touch.
I'm like, I don't know. You just hate yourself.
And you're just like, well, I don't want to...
They're making you pose for a photo. I don't want to...
And then that guy was like, well, he just thought it was okay
to rub his hand all over Taylor Swift to ask
because he's taking a photo with her.
It's like, you want to be the opposite.
And then you end up looking like a weird claw man.
And then I saw the blog and I was like, yeah,
it's like, yeah, I'm embarrassed.
I don't like touching people.
I've never had a professional massage.
Because I'm just like, for the same reason
that I would never have sex work done.
Or go to a sex worker.
It's sex work done.
I don't know the jargon.
I don't frequent that industry.
Could you change my...
Change my balls, oil filter.
I'm afraid, like society says,
oh, make that person...
Or I would never get a pedicure.
This person's seen a million toenails.
They know exactly how gross mine are.
But then all women say, no,
you just go and shove your gross toenails in their face.
It's like, great. You're paying for it.
They've seen the worst.
If you get a facial done, they do the extraction,
which is a fancy word for poppin' your zits
and your blackheads and things like that.
They all love it.
Well, I had a girlfriend who liked poppin' zits.
And I told the story up here,
but a fucking random Trump voter dude
who like pumped, popped one of my zits
at a bar,
non-consensually,
just like reached out and fucking grabbed it
and went, pshh.
And my immediate response was like,
emotionally it was the same as like a kitten
getting picked up by a scruff. I was like, thanks.
I wasn't... I didn't thank him,
but I was like, wow, what a man.
Like, popped my zits.
Well, he's telling me to vote for Trump.
Like, we're going to lose the Civil War, for sure.
That's the opposition.
They will fuck it.
We ain't got no dothraki on our side.
Church and I, every night before bed,
we groom each other like chimps
and eat the bugs out of each other's hair.
I think that really is so romantic,
but I guess that's because we're primates.
Did you just buy that?
The idea that you could like,
grooming and grooming and like,
and then eating the bugs out of the prayer.
I really do like that.
It's the nicest thing you can do for somebody
is get the bugs out of it.
But you're also getting something out of it.
You're like, see, I got a bug.
Yeah, this is trying to eat you, now I'm trying to eat it.
That fuck is not gross.
We peaked at chimp level,
and then we couldn't stand it.
We were like, we fucking nailed it.
Oh, we cheat the system.
And then the same mechanism
that got us that far.
Now we got these alarm doohickeys.
I've talked about it.
Chimps don't got ice cream, man.
Chimps ain't got no ice cream.
But you know what they do, they have frog mouths.
Oh yeah, well humans do too.
I guess we could all fuck a frog in the mouth
if we wanted to.
But chimps do it and sleep like a baby.
We'd all feel real bad about it.
Look at that frog walks away
going, what in the world
what frog god did I
offend?
The fact that that was caught on camera
couldn't just be the only time a chimp fucked a frog.
No, we've talked about this a lot.
We have like 600 episodes of the podcast.
They're all frogs.
If a chimpanzee
comes within five feet of a frog
it fucking...
What are you talking about?
I can't believe you guys don't...
Come on.
What are you talking about?
Type chimpanzee and frog into YouTube
and send your kids to bed.
Because
why?
And atone with your god because any time
a chimp finds a frog
it spends five seconds
it picks it up.
It runs its finger over the frog's
lips.
It gets a look on its face.
It pries the frog's mouth open
and then the rest
is kismet.
A male chimp I should specify.
And then the
frog's fate depends on
what that chimp had
for breakfast.
Do the frogs ever hop away
from this interaction?
The camera usually stays on the chimp
as it enters its
refractory period.
The frog's
story remains untold.
Is it like a Flintstones cartoon?
And it just like goes...
It's a living.
Those are our ancestors.
The Flintstones.
We all celebrate the gazelle
femur and I go I could use this
as a hammer but it's like also
we're a sexual
we're a creepy species.
We're descended from the bonobo in particular
it's a very sexual version of the chimp.
Have you seen that one clip I just saw
a couple days ago where the two monkeys are fucking
and the little monkey walks up and goes
sticks its finger up the nail.
They settle their grievances
through orgies and they
have constant incestuous like crazy sex
and then you know
I just thought I just thought
we've talked about this a million times that's all
it's just like that's I know
we've talked about this.
I know we said a lot of differences here at Harmon Channel
we fantasy role play with a little D&D
Okay so Schrab you're playing
just I mean all right
Spencer do you want to give him a quick run down
on what is... Just do it.
Just go.
Just be yourself.
All right here we do it. He's playing standing up.
He's like Hugh Jackman in that hacker movie
where he's hacking standing up.
Swordfish.
All right here we go.
Last time
on Harmontown
you guys went into the secret
room of the priory
and you found evil shit
going down a hooded
figure was mutating people
and the people attacked
you fought the people
and they were really kicking your ass
you got most of them killed
and the vampire threw a barrel of piss
at Steve Levy
it escaped in the form of a mist
and you guys chased after it
only to narrowly escape
a giant explosion
that sent
the priory starting to crumble
and you escaped
from the sanctuary
and you crashed to the ground
you checked out those crazy
horses hoping to find some escape
but the horses were slaughtered
oh boy
that's all
that's about all that happened right?
yeah yeah
I smell like piss
we got bigger problems than that Diarrhea Junior
did the mist get away?
yeah you don't see it anywhere
and it is a mist so it could be anywhere
is it nighttime outside?
yeah we're in the courtyard now right?
yeah you can see it's like the buildings
all around you
you could see only the sanctuary
that area that you were in only that part
caved in and collapsed the rest of the buildings
don't seem to be collapsed or destroyed
god damn it
this whole fucking church
it's corrupt where's that guy that was sleeping?
Patchens
which guy? the guy you
the guy that was sleeping not outside
but the guy that was sleeping in bed
the first steps that Diarrhea found
oh that person was still in the bed last you left them
I want to head in that direction
alright
you go up the stairs into the sleeping quarters
that you were last in
there's six doors like last time
you remember which door
was the one you went through last time
I go in
okay so
I want to go check the other doors too then
I want to know how many people are left in this
prior area
yeah
alright me too
you check all the doors and you see that
they're all empty there's no one inside
not even in the one that you thought there would be a person in
god damn it
everybody boned out this whole church was
just a fucking brood
of baddies
you hear too late
a screaming as a
shrill cry
ushers forth from ahead
and you can see like in the ceiling
beams and stuff
there's like two little girls and they jump on Diarrhea
Jr. and they're each holding a big head
sized rock and each
you're on the head with a giant rock
and you go down so sexy
fucking love it you go unconscious
with the rock
I reach over and grab
one of the girls off of
DJ
alright you grab one
the other one is wielding a knife
and it's swinging it around
it's trying to cut you as you go into
grab, grab, grab her
you know other but she misses
thank god
alright
you're unconscious at the moment
I'm unconscious so I do nothing
I'm just gonna lay here
just for a little bit
you think I'm gonna hit in the head
with a brick?
two of them
two bricks
so is it my turn?
I mean
I wish it was the first time I've said it
I attack the little girl
what do you attack her with?
again in a cycle
I seem to be caught in
I attack the little girl with my morning star
I just grabbed mine
I think I've subdued her
well there's two
you decided just to kill that one
I can't grab a little girl
I smash her in the face
with a morning star
I'm not like a wrestler
I don't know how to
she goes flying across the room
like a rag doll
how does the girl that I'm holding
react to seeing that
appropriately
okay I thought they were
sorry
this escalated
but they're like evil little girls
they dropped down from a ceiling with rocks
they did drop down from the ceiling with rocks
I thought they were like
they're actual little girls
this is a great time for me as the DM
to point out that asking questions
is a great way to improve your standing
in the game of Dungeons and Dragons
but
yeah
they're just regular little girls
who are you asking?
my eyeballs
they don't look mutanty or evil
they look terrified
one of them has a smashed face
because I hit it with them
well one of them is probably unconscious
real quick
table talk
it's like
if you took a metal baseball bat
and added
what do you call it? spikes
dull spikes
but like in a fun way
back to school
power puff
is this the little girl go to?
am I woke yet?
no sorry
that's gonna be about 7000 years for this society
I just smashed a little girl in the face
we're a long way from woke
okay
I grabbed the little girl and said
sorry about your friend we're here to help
we're from the church in the silver flame
you guys are destroying the church
blew it up
that wasn't us it was a vampire lady
hear me out little girl
I'll stab you in the eye
okay
I put her down step aside
and I point to morning star guy over here
this guy doesn't fucking
think twice
alright that's convincing
hey
what am I dreaming about
you're dreaming about
a locked door
it's really scary and mysterious
and it seems to remind you of stuff
can we role play in his dream
just remember the side dream
it seems to remind you of something
hear me out little girl
oh my gosh
somebody else
maybe I should open this door
but I'm afraid to
I'm just gonna reach out
I'm gonna reach out
and grab this doorknob
the doorknob's a hand
I don't know I thought it was a dream I could
yeah the doorknob's a hand
it's a hand like blue man group
it grabs your hand and then you become doorish
instead of it becoming like
open
oh shit it's scary
but you don't wake up because that would be
convenient
alright back to the bedroom
shit
little girl you have our word
as members of the church of the silver flame
that we did not cause the explosion
and all the violence here
at the sanctuary because that violence
yes and I can
un-cause it and I go to the girl
his face I smashed and I
I would like to change
my virtue
spell for a spontaneous healing spell
do you have 3 level 1
spells a day I think you're out of level 1 spells
you're so fucking on your shit you really are a good
so it's level 1 spells
you did one of them last time
I did a summon monster and I traded the other one
and you are just all over it
but I do have a healing skill
which I guess is like having a
cup holder instead of a
thermos
I mean like I
I could like
put a tourniquet on her face
yeah you do that
I thought I had good berries
did I not am I making that up
you ate some I don't know if you ate all your good berries
they're not on my uh
diarrhea junior wakes up
oh
wow I had the craziest dream
what the hell's going on
do you have good berries healing
do I have good berries
yeah look at your inventory in the back page
what happened to that little girl
what you on the other side of that
on the other side of the
oh yeah in your inventory there
guys I had this crazy dream I was a door
really
Carlos just almost killed a little girl
I uh okay
uh it's not a competition
I feared for my life
do I have
berries good berries
good berries
do I have good berries I have
roped chains
locks
waterskin bedroll
slingshot
south dakota
foldable shop
I have I do not
let me check
maybe let me check again
three glass jars
if you're checking again
why isn't it new items
oh you know
I started in the middle of the last time
I chose to use my offense
loadout so I can't use my level one
my general loadout
I have good berries in that spell
thing there
I do have a spell called
stabilize which is cause a dying creature
to stabilize like so if she's
dying she's not dying but that might
help
stabilize
it helps a little
and then I look at her friend and I'm like
there's
more where that came from once I get
six hours of sleep
and that sounded
wrong if anyone was listening
you know
society is just
it's project stuff
the opposite of a pedophile
I smashed a little girl
like I you don't have to
worry about me
I
smashed me with something
different
I was saying like if you were
like a predator you wouldn't
when they dropped from the ceiling you'd be like
cha-ching
you wouldn't go ah and hit them
I kind of passed the ultimate
are you a pedophile test
by attacking the little girl that
dropped on my friend
is it my turn?
I give her a
bedroll
witch
I asked if it was my turn
I give her a bedroll
witch who do you give a bedroll
the one in front of me
the one that got smashed
is she in front of me
well
can I turn around
which one's in front of me
okay I say
share this bedroll
okay
so now you want to go to bed with one of them
we're not
no I gave them my bed they can go to bed with each other
why are you guys in the church
who are you
let me explain
at what
miss what was your question
what let me explain
what was your question
notes during my turn
notes are when you pull the
let me explain card know what
you want to explain
that's a good note
you can just walk into a surgery room and go let me
surgery
what's wrong with this guy
you explain
tell the girl
everybody watch this is going to be awesome
go ahead
smash her in the face again asshole
that seemed to work pretty good
no no no go ahead do it again
do it again there's two of them
you still got a morning star
since uh
you know
me doing it my way was
weird
wrong
go ahead let's see how the face
smasher takes care
of this
situation go for it no no
no everybody just like
watch and learn the master is going to
roll up his sleeves
take care of business they both have knives
you guys we have to tread lightly here
yeah yeah one of them is kind of being grappled
by you so she's not really
in any stabbing danger listen up this is
going to be great I
I didn't claim to have any
problem with
little girl
stay out of our church bad people
yeah yeah what should we do little girl
your church was filled with bad people
they're all dead or fled
now
you are the only ones along with
us who are not vampiric
in nature
they start crying
and because
of a book I read
for home listeners that's a plot
that's sarcastic applause if you have a microphone
in your head looks like
you're doing pretty good there huh yeah you know
what actually the goal wasn't to
get them to laugh that would be fucked
up
they aren't sociopaths I start crying
with the little girls
it's fucked up
everyone that
can I go back to sleep
okay oh you gave
your bedroll as a gift to two little girls
though
picture of health
little girls were you
related to people here
we don't we don't know we just
we don't remember were you taken here
against your will we don't remember anything
we don't know anything we don't remember having parents
if I run some
names by you will you
maybe yeah
what's the
not you you not you
what Jeff Jeff
you take notes to
I got it here somewhere
the woman at the house
never mind
what's the first thing you remember
like the last thing I mean
I mean
like you woke up here today
there was a loud explosion
and we woke up in our beds
we realized no one else was in the sleeping quarters
so we thought someone had attacked the church
where are your beds
they're in these rooms that were
in and around
why were you in the ceiling
because we were hiding from intruders
then you dropped onto the intruders
yeah we did you guys are badass
you're great you're great little girls
okay yeah maybe
you're right we should well that was probably
bad thinking on our part
you're like three adults
you're good you're good
the silver flame is strong within you
okay
do you know a woman
is there someone in your past
a woman with kind of like long
black hair
oh you're talking about Arden
Arden yeah she went
she came to the church pretty recently
I thought you said you didn't remember a whole lot
I remember not having parents
right
who was Arden
she was a lady that came to the church
she was just a church
she was with the church yeah
was she a nice lady was she nice
oh yeah
what are your names by the way
stiff and wang
did you write that down
sadly yes
are you a
dance troupe no no
which one is the one that got hit in the face
stiff
should we
should we separate them and
ask him questions
any answer would have been funny I mean
I think
separate of them might be more traumatic
they're all they have right now
are you related are you sisters
yeah yeah what's your last name
we don't know we don't know
how old are you
are you twins
probably maybe
do you look alike
yeah yeah
you could have probably helped them out with that one
yeah
would you know how to get home from the priory
we don't we live here
so no
where did Arden sleep
where were her quarters
in this other room they could take you to
another room you hadn't been
well I mean when you check the rooms
you saw but you hadn't been there
okay look
I hate to break it to you stiff and wang
if there's all your wheel names
that Arden
is no longer the person you might remember
she's a vampire and she's involved in some very bad stuff
do you know what a vampire is
yeah yeah
do you know what they are
they're bad
so if somebody says I'm a vampire
just stay away from them
we've got to contact the fucking church
it's the last thing I want to do
you hear screaming
oh like just singular screaming
like a guy screaming
okay
follow the sound of the screaming
you can't because you hear
the screaming coming up the stairs
and it's Patchens he's back
Patchens hey Patchens
you gotta help me
oh my god the prior
oh man he's gone off the deep end
he's done something completely unforgivable
and insane you gotta help me
oh my god
what did he do what happened
there's no time just follow me
should we leave little girls here or take them with us
nah let's take them with us
no leave them here it's probably dangerous where we're going
yeah we'd better take them with us
okay whatever
wait Georgia should we go down the stairs
I think I should be in the middle
good call okay
I grabbed the one whose face I smashed
into my arm like a football
okay and I hold wing
yeah
alright you do that
he's running again
and so you guys are having
to kind of hurriedly follow him
because he's not being slow
I should drop the girl then
she's encumbering me right
well I don't
okay alright
you know what I'll work that out with my shrink
I hang on to the little girl
alright
I need to work on that
instinct
you follow
Patchens and he takes you all the way
to Tom Fells house
you see it's starting to catch
on fire
Tom Fells house
you see the prior he's outside waving
a sword and he's slashing at the door
and the house is on fire
he's like you sons of bitches
give me your crazy possessed kid
you're causing all the problems
hey you see
you see he can't be reasoned with
hey prior
the prior doesn't hear you
hey
everybody on the count of three
hey prior
more like
vampire
we all yelled it
did he hear us
yeah
he
he turns around
he's like what the fuck
yeah it's called word play
hey you guys help me out these guys
they attack the church they're the cause of all the evil
wasn't he
what
the missed guy
no that was a vampire
I'm the worst at this
vampire
wait so
looking back Spencer did Bonnie
fell the mother
did she have hair kind of like the vampire lady
she was a blonde
they would have told us if they had other kids
oh darn
I was ready to dance
I was
so yeah
should
should we help
Tom get over here
Tom's in the house
that's on fire
Tom stay in the house
stay in the house
no this is my holy mission
what are you trying to accomplish here
I'm gonna slay the child
and bring our town to peace
we already got the demon out of the child
I'm gonna feed him bad soup
that's gonna take forever
we already
released the demon out of that
and it took us to a place
he's been buried and killed
he's got buried and killed
whoa
the priors not listening to reason
I'll say he's
holding a sword in his
weapon of choice is soup
he's an idiot
we were gonna feed bad soup at one point
remember that
he smashes through the door
and he goes in the house
we follow him I guess
gotta follow the priors
we're gonna leave you outside
do you know what that means
we're gonna go inside you're gonna stay right here
okay
don't talk to anybody just sit right here
I got it all
figured out guys
do you like go-bots
do you like
real quick Carlos
what do you think
you know what
you're gonna love getting old
I don't fucking care
what's your inside jokes what movies do you watch
fucking Kristen Stewart
okay okay
you know try doing a podcast
ten years from now and be like
remember Twilight people are gonna be like who cares though
alright okay
lethal weapon references
alright okay I'll be with you after
alright Carlos
alright sorry
just fucking judge yourself
it's called dying
we're injuring a house of people that hate us
we don't know what the priors are so he's freaking out
but he's the prior
of the church that has the demon lady
I'm so bad with names and faces
I thought that he
when we talked to him the first time
he was like all fucked up and evil seeming
but I guess maybe he was overwrought
or maybe he seemed paranoid
because and I pull out my book
that I grabbed called what to do when your
church is under attack
I look at Patchens
what the hell is going on
do you know what's going on why is the prior acting like this
he's fucking crazy who would just burst into
someone's house or light it on fire
just to get at their possessed child
he's gonna kill the kid he's right
he thinks the kid is
prior
I run
you're in the flaming house
and there's nobody
on the bottom floor it seems they must be upstairs
yeah of course prior
I run upstairs you go into the kid's room
and you see the family's just huddled
in a corner and he's got the sword
oh boy prior stop we excommunicated
the demon he's like
you guys are demons everyone's demons
okay that's not true
purge the unclean
no if everyone was demons there wouldn't be a conflict
you'd be alone and everyone would be laughing at you
I run in and throw my shield at him
alright
it's a critical hit
shoo
Let's go come on fells come on everybody everybody out of the burning house everybody out of the burning house
I'm it wasn't our fault. It's not our fault. Your house keeps bursting into flame
It's not all just everybody just please at this time and a reasonable
Just file out of the house. Just just see the front door just don't let it don't door hit your ass
Can't stay here. Yep
Closing time get her name get her number. Okay, so we escort them out of their house. All right. All right, let's go
Let's go. You're all out of the house. Thank you so much. Holy shit
I stopped Tom fells wife though and they're on her way in the doorway, and I go. I'm so sorry
I like I keep it's I own it, but I can't remember your name, and I don't want to keep calling you his wife Bonnie Bonnie Bonnie
Okay, go go go. It's burning. Yeah. Thank you Bonnie. Thank you Bonnie. You're great
I'm leaving the prior in there to burn Bonnie. Why don't you sit down? No, no, I grabbed the prior
I want right sure. Yeah, darn. Did anybody get my shield? Yeah. Yeah
Did somebody pick it up? He picked it up. I don't thank you. Let's say thank you only you is your shield. Thank you
Thank you save the day. Oh, okay. Should we have left the guy in there to sort? I'll go back to swords
No, no, it's fine. I have everyone down the shield. I get the shield back to DJ
Yep, you're all outside of a burning building
That was a close one guys fuck just happened
This guy's crazy. Who's talking Tom? Sorry, your son was possessed by a demon. Yeah, I know
Well, it made your home the enemy of the church
Hmm at least you're alive. Yeah
Not too not too bad
I'll tell you one thing that church that you hate so much it you're right to hate it because we went down into the sanctuary
And there was a vampire doing crazy blood magic. That's why your cows are being killed
That's that's that's where all this blood has been going. Oh, I thought it was just because I had been stealing from the church for the past three months
Here's some relics I stole I feel guilty about it. Oh wow
I examine the relics. They're just relics. They seem like art objects that might sell for money. Okay
Well, we should return these yeah
Is there anything else you want to tell us but there's an evidence locker later on? No, you don't want to tell us anything else
Well, we should kill this guy right this guy's crazy
The prior look no, I mean, there's many sides many sides
I like this is what I'm hearing. I liked it. I liked it. I liked it
No, I liked it. Well because someone died. That's why it's not funny. I
Didn't think it was funny. I just liked it
But most people are gonna be listening to this a year from now, they're gonna go what many say, okay, I
Can't hear this through a gas mask
Why is my child half cockroach is the prior conscious or unconscious he's knocked out
We leave a note on his chest that says we came
For the problem the problem is gone. No, I don't know. I don't think it'd be funny
I take some rope and tie his hands and feet just in case he wakes up and goes crazy again
All right, I pull his pants down
All right
Why to compare?
Cliff Hanger
For the one and only Rob
I'm really I'm really a menace. I am a man. You're wonderful. Don't change Rob
Let's hear it for Spencer Crittenden then I
I have been your mayor Jeff Davis here. No, I've been your comptroller Jeff Davis Wow
But one day one day, let's give you a curtain mayor Dan Harmon everybody
Thank you church Nolan Kevin Sarah Zach
Who did I miss Chris?
They already say that
Thank you so much everyone for coming. We love you. See you next time
You did you get any of that